Let's look at our code and implement the changes required for this exercise.
One of the things we want to do here is to ensure that
the responses only come in from oracles that match,
then we want to also introduce the key here.
So for the key, one of the easiest things to do is to grab the code that's right here,
and just modify it slightly.
So we'll put that there and we need the key
to contain the index also so we'll put that in there.
So now that we have that,
we want to have a require statement that checks that
the oracle that is submitting their response is actually authorized,
if you will, to submit this.
So we'll check that out.
Sorry, the authorization is already done here, I misspoke.
So here, we're going to check that it's open.
So, in some fashion,
there was an invalid key or it's not open,
it might have already been completed.
So we let that go and now we want to make sure
that any applications that are listening
in are informed about
the flight status info and the information that's communicated is going to be the flight,
the timestamp, the status ID,
that is being reported and in the first one here,
the length of our responses has exceeded the min responses,
so it's going to be true.
But in the else condition,
the length has not yet been exceeded and so we'll make that false.
So let's compile and that works,
let's take a quick peek at the test code now that we've
completed all the modifications that are
needed and see what's going to happen when we run that.
So the registration of the oracles happens there.
But here, we start doing the arrangement,
we have a flight for ND one,
that's nano degree 1309, the course number.
We pick a current timestamp,
JavaScript timestamps are in milliseconds,
and in Solidity the timestamp is seconds so we do that little conversion
there and what is going to happen here is we're going to put in a request.
So this would be analogous to a user triggering or your code
on the client application triggering or request for the status of a particular flight.
So since flight numbers are not unique
enough to get status information from most APIs out there,
we also put in the timestamps.
So it gives us a general idea of when that flight is supposed to be.
Then what we do is we go ahead and start notifying all the oracles.
I said all the oracles when all this time we've been talking about,
"Well, it needs to be a limited number of oracles."
So here's what's happening in this test code.
We're going to simultaneously test,
not only the ability for the oracles to work,
but we're also going to test a defensive coding.
What that means is we are going to get every oracle that has been
registered and we're going to go ahead and submit the job for them.
The idea is that the key that we set the index that limits
their ability to access should prevent them from actually getting that notification.
So when they do get a notification,
they will call in and that's what will actually be prevented from occurring.
So let's go ahead and run this test.
I'm going to expand the window.
Now because we are using a lot of events here,
there's a fair bit of asynchronous stuff going on and so we have to
rely on Truffle generating those event notifications when they occur.
But in my experience,
that doesn't happen very reliably all the time and in fact not only does it not
happen very reliably in the development environment also on mainland,
in production, there different rules for the different networks about
which events they will publish on which events they want.
So let's look at the log that has happened here.
So the oracle requested,
index assigned was zero,
the flight and timestamp was requested and we had one,
two, three, four oracles comeback and respond.
When we crossed the threshold from the third one to the fourth one,
we went from unverified to verified.
Now let's validate that our security is working.
If it is working,
we should find only four oracles here that have the the index zero appear anywhere.
So there's one, there's two,
there's three, there's four, and there's five.
Now the fifth one most likely did report in,
but because our threshold had already been crossed, it was ignored.
So that's the gist of the oracle service working.
What we've done is we've simulated here not only the smart contract.
Well, the smart contract is actual code,
but we've essentially simulated the client and the server side of things.
In the next lesson,
when we get closer to our final project,
we're going to continue building upon this code and move some
of the code that we're testing through Truffle right now,
to a separate node service.
So let's now go back and take a quick quiz.
What is the cheapest way to store information in Ethereum smart contracts?